initial contribution docs (#804)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/getting-started/04--contribution.md

---
title: Contribution

> description: Contributing to the HashiCorp Design System

Reviewer: I don't think this page needs a description; it doesn't feel like it's providing additional value.

```suggestion
```

---

## Overview

> Contributions to a design system take on many forms that can include:
> 
> * Reporting bugs and giving feedback
> * Proposing new patterns
> * Improving our documentation
> * Participating in discussions or coming to Office Hours
> 
> At this time we do not have a process defined for direct contributions of new components or patterns to the design system. However, we continue to listen to feedback as we consider the best way to tackle this problem.

Reviewer: This is just for consideration, but putting what we don't accept first gets to the meat of the "problem" faster so consumers don't have to search for it.

```suggestion
While we don't accept direct contributions of new components or patterns, we do welcome contributions in the following forms:

* [Reporting bugs](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScpMXgrUTVT5fYriu4Pp48r4Nl_eCPluVnJLg0Yg3NXsRWvIA/viewform) and [giving feedback](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdPShbSiUYgimppZeqWT99bVi6zLbKDThQUQTirH3RCj2okdg/viewform)
* [Proposing new components or patterns](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScpMXgrUTVT5fYriu4Pp48r4Nl_eCPluVnJLg0Yg3NXsRWvIA/viewform)
* Improving our documentation
* Participating in discussions or coming to Office Hours

We continue to listen to feedback as we consider the best way to open contributions further.
```
